## Full-screen interactive mode security {#full-screen-interactive-mode-security}

Flash Player 11.3 and later, Adobe AIR 1.0 and later

Flash Player 11.3 and later support full-screen interactive mode, in which content running in Flash Player can fill the entire screen _and accept text input_. To enter full-screen interactive mode, the displayState property of the Stage is set to the StageDisplayState.FULL_SCREEN_INTERACTIVE constant. For more information, see

“Working with

full-screen mode” on page 167

.

For SWF files running in a remote sandbox, there are some security considerations.

To enable full-screen mode, in the &lt;object&gt; and &lt;embed&gt; tags in the HTML page that contains a reference to the SWF file, add the allowFullScreenInteractive parameter, with its value set to &quot;true&quot; (the default value is &quot;false&quot;), as shown in the following example:

&lt;object classid=&quot;clsid:d27cdb6e-ae6d-11cf-96b8-444553540000&quot;

[codebase=&quot;http://fpdownload.macromedia.com/pub/shockwave/cabs/flash/swflash.cab#version=9,0,](http://fpdownload.macromedia.com/pub/shockwave/cabs/flash/swflash.cab#version%3D9%2C0) 18,0&quot;

width=&quot;600&quot; height=&quot;400&quot; id=&quot;test&quot; align=&quot;middle&quot;&gt;

**&lt;param name=&quot;allowFullScreenInteractive&quot; value=&quot;true&quot; /&gt;**

&lt;param name=&quot;movie&quot; value=&quot;test.swf&quot; /&gt;

&lt;param name=&quot;bgcolor&quot; value=&quot;#333333&quot; /&gt;

&lt;embed src=&quot;test.swf&quot; allowFullScreen=&quot;true&quot; bgcolor=&quot;#333333&quot; width=&quot;600&quot; height=&quot;400&quot;

name=&quot;test&quot; align=&quot;middle&quot; type=&quot;application/x-shockwave-flash&quot; [pluginspage=&quot;http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer&quot;](http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer) /&gt;

&lt;/object&gt;

An HTML page may also use a script to generate SWF-embedding tags. You must alter the script so that it inserts the proper allowFullScreenInteractive settings. HTML pages generated by Flash Professional and Flash Builder use the AC_FL_RunContent() function to embed references to SWF files, and you need to add the allowFullScreenInteractive parameter settings, as in the following:

AC_FL_RunContent( ... &quot;allowFullScreenInteractive&quot;, &quot;true&quot;, ...)

The ActionScript that initiates full-screen interactive mode can be called only in response to a mouse event or keyboard event. If it is called in other situations, Flash Player throws an exception.

An overlay message appears when the content enters full-screen interactive mode. The message displays the domain of the full-screen page, instructions on how to exit full-screen mode, and an **Allow** button. The overlay persists until the user clicks **Allow**, acknowledging they are in full-screen interactive mode.

Administrators can disable full-screen interactive mode for SWF files running in browsers by setting

FullScreenInteractiveDisable = 1 in the mms.cfg file. For details, see

“Administrator controls” on page 1048

. In a browser, a SWF file must be contained in an HTML page to allow full-screen interactive mode.